# OneSecure Privacy Policy

Updated: 10 March 2020<br>
Effective Date: 10 March 2020

OneSecure is a privacy personal information storage service.
This Privacy Policy Guideline will explain how OneSecure collects, uses and stores your personal information,
along with the rights you are entitled to. 
We will use this Guideline to explain the relevant details, including the following:

* We will describe the types of personal information we collect and their corresponding use in order for you to understand how we collect specific type of personal information for a particular function, the reasons for its use and the methods of such collection.

* Whilst using some features, we will collect your personal information after obtaining your consent. For example, when you use OneSecure’s “Library” function, we will request permission for Photo Library; where you use the “Camera” function, we will request permission from the camera, if record a video, it will also request permission from the microphone. Unless it is required by the relevant laws and regulations for you to provide such information, refusing to provide such information will only result in your not being able to use the specific functions relating to such information, but does not affect your normal use of other functions of OneSecure.

## The Information We Collect

1. In the process of using OneSecure service, OneSecure will, in accordance with the following ways, collect information provided by you during the use of the service or information generated by the use of the service, in order to provide such services to you, to optimize our services and protect your security:

2. When you use OneSecure’s service, in order to ensure the normal use of our services, to maintain the normal operation of our services, and to optimize and improve our services and protect the safety of your account, we will collect information about your device model, operating system, unique device identifier, login IP address, OneSecure version number, access network mode , type and status, the quality of your network, equipment accelerators (such as gravity sensing equipment), operation logs, service logs (such as the information you search or browse on OneSecure, or the information about service failure, referrer URLs etc.) and other log information. Such information is required to provide you with OneSecure’s service and are basic information which must be collected.

In addition, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and national standards,
in the following circumstances, we may collect and process your relevant personal information without asking for your consent:

1. When it is directly related to national interests such as national security and national defense, or it is directly related to major public interests such as public safety, public health, and public knowledge;
2. When it is directly related to a criminal investigation, prosecution, trial or execution of judgments;
3. In order to protect vital legitimate interests of you or of other individuals, such as right of life, property, and reputation, while it’s hardly to obtain the consent of the individual;
4. When the personal information is disclosed to the public by yourself;
5. When the personal information is collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, etc.;
6. When it is necessary for entering into and/or performance of a contract to which you are the party;
7. When it is necessary for maintenance of the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering malfunctions and/or troubleshooting products or services;
8. When it is necessary for legitimate news reporting;
9. When it is necessary for conducting statistical or academic research which is for public interest, and when the results of academic research or description are provided externally, the personal information contained is de-identified.
10. Other circumstances as stipulated by laws and regulations.

Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a function or service is not in the above description and your information is collected, we will explain to you the type of information, the scope and the purpose of the information collection by means of page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements or other ways, to obtain your consent.
Please note that at present, OneSecure will not actively obtain your personal information from a third party. In the event that we need to obtain your personal information indirectly from a third party for future business developments, we will inform the source, type and scope of the use of your personal information to you prior to obtaining such information. For example, where OneSecure requires to process personal information for a specific development which is beyond the scope of what you originally agreed to provide to a third party, we will obtain your prior express consent before processing your personal information; In addition, we will strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations, and require that third parties guarantee the legitimacy of the information provided.


## Storage of Information

All Information store in user device, we do not store it in any server.


## Sharing Personal Data with Third Parties

We integrate services such as Google Drive, and we fully comply with privacy policies such as [Google Drive](https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy).


## Information Security

We strive to secure users' information to prevent information leakage, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure.


## How We Use Information

We may use information collected by certain features for our other services. For example, we may use the information we collect when you use one of our features, and provide you with specific content in another service, including, but not limited to ads , information security tips for content you have read, indirect crowd portraits based on feature tags, and providing more accurate and personalized services and content.
In order to ensure the security of our services, and to enable us to better understand the operations of our applications, we may record information such as your frequency of using our applications, crash logs, overall usage, performance data, and the sources that apps are installed from. 


## External Parties

At present, we will not actively share or transfer your personal information to a third party. If there are other circumstances in which your personal information is to be shared or transferred or where you require us to share or transfer your personal information to a third party, we will directly obtain or verify the third party has obtained your prior express consent to such share or transfer of your personal information.

We will not publicly disclose personal information collected by us. If we have to disclose such information publicly, we will inform you of the purpose of such disclosure, type of information disclosed and the sensitive information that may be involved, and obtain your prior express consent.


## Amendments

We may revise this Guideline in due course. In the event where the terms of this Guideline are amended, we will show you amended Guideline by way of push notifications and/or pop-up windows when you log in or when the APP version has been updated. Please note that we will follow the updated Guideline to collect, use and store your personal information only after you have tapped on the consent button in the pop-up window.


## Protection of minors

We place great importance in the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, according to the relevant laws and regulations, your parents’ or legal guardian's written consent should be obtained prior to you use of OneSecure service. If you are a legal guardian of a minor, you may contact us where you have queries regarding the personal information of your minors.


## Contact us

If you have any other complaints, suggestion, you can also send your queries to `onesecuresale@gmail.com`. 
We will review your queries as soon as possible.
